README.md, before:

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

![database schema image](./public/sqldesign.png)

### Research & Planning Log
#### Friday, 02/18 8 hours
* 8:30: Create app with webpacker=react flag
* 8:45: Capstone proposal 
* 9:00: Plan database with sqldesigner, add to readme
* 9:45: Start building out database ?
* 10:45: Set up Devise ?
* 11:00: Testing
* 1:00: Devise set up authentication controllers
* 2:00: Work on API requests
* 3:30: Watch Youtube video CRUD React 40 minutes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyjzi837wME&t=243s


#### Sunday, 02/20 2.5 hours

* 6:00-7:40: Work on API, test endpoints in Postman. Finish API for descriptions and requests done!
* 7:45-8:45: Modify user model look up devise stuff

#### Friday, 02/25 ~6 hours

8:45am-10am: Work on homepage, Devise views.
10:10am: NOTE TO SELF: from stuff online I've seen, using Devise with React is not advised, might have to scrap react idea as I've already begun implementing Devise, so might stick to just a Rails app!:(
11:00-12:30: Trying to figure out Devise auth with API use.
1pm: https://github.com/waiting-for-dev/devise-jwt (NOTE FOR SELF: DONT TRY AND USE THIS AGAIN IT MESSED UP YOUR APP WARNING!!)
2:15pm: Tried implementing Devise, messed up my project and had to fetch and reset to last git push. 
2:30pm: Failing yet again with authentication. Why is authentication with devise so tricky? *bangs head* 
2:45pm Note to self: when using authenticated API in postman, go to Auth section, choose Basic Auth, then enter email, password to access API. https://github.com/heartcombo/devise/wiki/How-To:-Use-HTTP-Basic-Authentication

#### Saturday 2.5 hours
10:30 to 1am: Migration categories array add; "open requests" button left pane, published requests section with answer in middle section start building out


#### Sunday 1 hour
12:00pm: building out homepage

#### Monday 1.5 hour
9:00pm try to use react api call?
10pm Read this tutorial https://github.com/DakotaLMartinez/rails-react-devise-tutorial
11:pm found this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLWIYk0Sd38 WATCH TOMORROW, do modal with new request form popup

### Tuesday put 2 hours in
5:00-6:45pm Try modifying create with current user being user id? in controller; do data dump
11:30 work on improving add request form, category click handlers javascript/coffeescript? https://coderwall.com/p/kqb3xq/rails-4-how-to-partials-ajax-dead-easy no luck but found this tutorial

Wednesday 1 hour
5pm work 1 hour on improving add request form, category click handlers javascript/coffeescript? https://coderwall.com/p/kqb3xq/rails-4-how-to-partials-ajax-dead-easy

Thursday 2 hours
answer request pop-up? modal video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLWIYk0Sd38
Friday
modal answer request, links to view all; paginate? categories filter on side again, modify homepage limit to 10 newest, styling, forgot password edit account styling? 8 hours
Weekend get base website done, likes and flag buttons, pop ups for it, add username to published and approved, styling put 4 hours in?

Read https://fuzzymath.com/blog/improve-accessibility-for-visually-impaired-users/ 
use this:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni
read this:
https://www.boia.org/blog/5-quick-ways-to-self-check-the-accessibility-of-a-website
Sticky navbar:
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_navbar_sticky.asp

Commit message:

form on open requests reload successfully

README.md, after:

# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...

![database schema image](./public/sqldesign.png)

### Research & Planning Log
#### Friday, 02/18 8 hours
* 8:30: Create app with webpacker=react flag
* 8:45: Capstone proposal 
* 9:00: Plan database with sqldesigner, add to readme
* 9:45: Start building out database ?
* 10:45: Set up Devise ?
* 11:00: Testing
* 1:00: Devise set up authentication controllers
* 2:00: Work on API requests
* 3:30: Watch Youtube video CRUD React 40 minutes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyjzi837wME&t=243s


#### Sunday, 02/20 2.5 hours

* 6:00-7:40: Work on API, test endpoints in Postman. Finish API for descriptions and requests done!
* 7:45-8:45: Modify user model look up devise stuff

#### Friday, 02/25 ~6 hours

8:45am-10am: Work on homepage, Devise views.
10:10am: NOTE TO SELF: from stuff online I've seen, using Devise with React is not advised, might have to scrap react idea as I've already begun implementing Devise, so might stick to just a Rails app!:(
11:00-12:30: Trying to figure out Devise auth with API use.
1pm: https://github.com/waiting-for-dev/devise-jwt (NOTE FOR SELF: DONT TRY AND USE THIS AGAIN IT MESSED UP YOUR APP WARNING!!)
2:15pm: Tried implementing Devise, messed up my project and had to fetch and reset to last git push. 
2:30pm: Failing yet again with authentication. Why is authentication with devise so tricky? *bangs head* 
2:45pm Note to self: when using authenticated API in postman, go to Auth section, choose Basic Auth, then enter email, password to access API. https://github.com/heartcombo/devise/wiki/How-To:-Use-HTTP-Basic-Authentication

#### Saturday 2.5 hours
10:30 to 1am: Migration categories array add; "open requests" button left pane, published requests section with answer in middle section start building out


#### Sunday 1 hour
12:00pm: building out homepage

#### Monday 1.5 hour
9:00pm try to use react api call?
10pm Read this tutorial https://github.com/DakotaLMartinez/rails-react-devise-tutorial
11:pm found this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLWIYk0Sd38 WATCH TOMORROW, do modal with new request form popup

### Tuesday put 2 hours in
5:00-6:45pm Try modifying create with current user being user id? in controller; do data dump
11:30 work on improving add request form, category click handlers javascript/coffeescript? https://coderwall.com/p/kqb3xq/rails-4-how-to-partials-ajax-dead-easy no luck but found this tutorial

Wednesday 
5pm work 2 hours on add category click handlers side menu js

Thursday 1 hour add js partials side menu categories for open and answered request pages

Friday
1. change home vs requests to limit 10 newest for home, all for others and add will_paginate
2. nav and home styling, forgot password edit account styling? 
3. make home only show highest rating description
4. click on request show request and add description option new page completely
5. add more entries to database, backup pg_dump

Weekend: Submit photo url add photo from computer, implement active storage photos, santitize url if url

pop-up? modal video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gLWIYk0Sd38
modal for reporting an answer or description 
Weekend get likes and flag buttons, pop ups for latter, add username to published and approved and scriptions, styling put 4 hours in?

Read https://fuzzymath.com/blog/improve-accessibility-for-visually-impaired-users/ 
use this:
https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/accessibility-insights-fo/pbjjkligggfmakdaogkfomddhfmpjeni
read this:
https://www.boia.org/blog/5-quick-ways-to-self-check-the-accessibility-of-a-website
Sticky navbar:
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_js_navbar_sticky.asp
